Hey, I'm panicking
It was me who broke up
Excuse me
It's not convenient for me to take a job now
Huang Xiang, this old fool, actually hung up on me.
Call Lao Zhao
This is still 30 years of friendship.
Lao Zhao is my Wang Fan
What exactly did you do?
He suddenly called the whole family to a meeting
Hey, okay, move forward
I'll turn off my phone right now
What happened to dad?
He teamed up with Xia Xue
Ruled away all the families in Jiangcheng
What is DeDaoDuoZhu?
Unjust and unhelpful
Very simple reason
Today is the end of your Fan family
Hum you fart
So what if we lose that group of trash?
Anyway
They will just follow our Fan family
dog person
With the assets of our Fan family,
Sooner or later it will come back
The bottom line of Asset Wanjia
It's not something that a nouveau riche like you can avoid.
I want to cut you into a magic stick
Uh, I'll talk to you again
All the women who have connections go to the brothels
I want you to watch helplessly
They screamed under other men's crotches
Hahaha, when the time comes
I'll break your bones inch by inch
Good, what a pity, reflection
You have no chance to do it again
What can Moon Shadow be?
Hey, I am panicking.
I broke up
Excuse me.
I can't take a job right now
Huang Xiang, this old Hu who died, actually hung up on me
Call Lao Zhao
There's still 30 years of friendship
Lao Zhao is my Wang Fan
What did you do?
suddenly called a whole family meeting
Hey ok go ahead
I will turn it off now.
Dad, what is wrong?
He teamed up with Snow
Took away all the families in Jiangcheng
What to get more help
Misguided
That is pretty simple.
Today is the end of your Fan family
Hmph you fart
What would happen without that bunch of trash?
Anyway
They will just follow behind our Fan family
People who are dogs
With the assets of our Fan family
Sooner or later it will make a comeback
The bottom view of Wanjia Asset
It is not something an upstart like you can avoid
I am going to make you into a wizard
Uh, with you again
All the women in relationships go into the kiln
I want you to watch
They screamed under other men's crotches
Hahaha, when the time comes
I will break your bones inch by inch
Okay, what a pity, reflection.
You do not have a chance to do it again
What can the moon shadow be?